README.md, before:

# Mini Projects

A collection of small web development projects showcasing various HTML, CSS, and JavaScript implementations.

## Overview

This repository contains multiple mini projects that demonstrate different web development concepts and techniques:

1. **Currency Exchange Rate Converter**

    - Real-time currency conversion tool
    - Supports multiple currency pairs
    - Uses API to fetch latest exchange rates
    - Interactive user interface for easy conversion
    - https://exchange-rate-sand.vercel.app/

2. **Rock Paper Scissors**

    - Classic game implementation where player faces the computer
    - Random computer move generation
    - Score tracking and result display
    - Interactive buttons and visual feedback
    - https://rock-paper-scissors-eight-wheat.vercel.app/

3. **Tic Tac Toe**
    - Two-player implementation of the classic game
    - Turn-based gameplay with X and O markers
    - Win detection and game state tracking
    - Reset functionality and winner announcement
    - https://tic-tac-toe-xi-kohl.vercel.app/

4. **Payment Form**
   - A Basic payment form created using HTML & CSS only
   - Only has the frontend of the form
   - https://payment-form-pi.vercel.app/

5. **ContactUs Form**
   - A Basic Contact Us form
   - Created only HTML & CSS
   - Does contain media queries for mobile responsiveness
   - https://contact-form-eight-blue.vercel.app/
  
6. **Weather Portal**
    - Displays current temperature for a specified city
    - Fetches weather data from the [wttr.in](https://wttr.in) API
    - Responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes
    - https://weather-portal-woad.vercel.app/
  
7. **Three Clocks**
    - A comprehensive application featuring three different timekeeping tools: Clock, Stopwatch, and Timer
    - Real-time clock display with current time updates every second
    - Fully functional stopwatch with start, stop, and reset capabilities
    - Timer with customizable time settings and start functionality
    - Interactive user interface with visual feedback and animations
    - Sound effects for button interactions and timer alerts
    - Mute functionality to toggle sound effects on and off
    - Responsive design ensuring usability across various devices
    - https://three-clocks.vercel.app/

8. **Calculator**
    - A basic calculator with addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division functionalities
    - Interactive buttons and display
    - Responsive design for different screen sizes
    - https://calculator-ruby-kappa-23.vercel.app/

9. **Login Form**
    - A responsive login form with username and password fields
    - Password visibility toggle feature
    - Interactive buttons for logging in with Google and GitHub
    - Custom styling with modern fonts and colors
    - https://login-page-omega-rose.vercel.app/

10. **Image Slider**
    - Allows users to upload multiple images
    - Manual navigation through images using buttons or keyboard arrow keys
    - Auto-slide feature to automatically transition through images every 3 seconds
    - Responsive design for different screen sizes
    - https://image-slider-ashen-five.vercel.app/

## Project Structure

The repository is organized with each project in its own directory:

```
Mini Projects/
├── project1/
├── project2/
└── ...
```

## Technologies Used

-   HTML5
-   CSS3
-   JavaScript

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/satisoff/webDev-mini-projects.git
```

2. Navigate to any project folder
3. Open the `index.html` file in your browser

Commit message:

Update readme file with project description

README.md, after:

# Mini Projects

A collection of small web development projects showcasing various HTML, CSS, and JavaScript implementations.

## Overview

This repository contains multiple mini projects that demonstrate different web development concepts and techniques:

1. **Currency Exchange Rate Converter**

    - Real-time currency conversion tool
    - Supports multiple currency pairs
    - Uses API to fetch latest exchange rates
    - Interactive user interface for easy conversion
    - https://exchange-rate-sand.vercel.app/

2. **Rock Paper Scissors**

    - Classic game implementation where player faces the computer
    - Random computer move generation
    - Score tracking and result display
    - Interactive buttons and visual feedback
    - https://rock-paper-scissors-eight-wheat.vercel.app/

3. **Tic Tac Toe**
    - Two-player implementation of the classic game
    - Turn-based gameplay with X and O markers
    - Win detection and game state tracking
    - Reset functionality and winner announcement
    - https://tic-tac-toe-xi-kohl.vercel.app/

4. **Payment Form**
   - A Basic payment form created using HTML & CSS only
   - Only has the frontend of the form
   - https://payment-form-pi.vercel.app/

5. **ContactUs Form**
   - A Basic Contact Us form
   - Created only HTML & CSS
   - Does contain media queries for mobile responsiveness
   - https://contact-form-eight-blue.vercel.app/
  
6. **Weather Portal**
    - Displays current temperature for a specified city
    - Fetches weather data from the [wttr.in](https://wttr.in) API
    - Responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes
    - https://weather-portal-woad.vercel.app/
  
7. **Three Clocks**
    - A comprehensive application featuring three different timekeeping tools: Clock, Stopwatch, and Timer
    - Real-time clock display with current time updates every second
    - Fully functional stopwatch with start, stop, and reset capabilities
    - Timer with customizable time settings and start functionality
    - Interactive user interface with visual feedback and animations
    - Sound effects for button interactions and timer alerts
    - Mute functionality to toggle sound effects on and off
    - Responsive design ensuring usability across various devices
    - https://three-clocks.vercel.app/

8. **Calculator**
    - A basic calculator with addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division functionalities
    - Interactive buttons and display
    - Responsive design for different screen sizes
    - https://calculator-ruby-kappa-23.vercel.app/

9. **Login Form**
    - A responsive login form with username and password fields
    - Password visibility toggle feature
    - Interactive buttons for logging in with Google and GitHub
    - Custom styling with modern fonts and colors
    - https://login-page-omega-rose.vercel.app/

10. **Image Slider**
    - Allows users to upload multiple images
    - Manual navigation through images using buttons or keyboard arrow keys
    - Auto-slide feature to automatically transition through images every 3 seconds
    - Responsive design for different screen sizes
    - https://image-slider-ashen-five.vercel.app/

11. **To-Do List**
    - A simple and interactive to-do list application
    - Add and remove tasks with ease
    - Search functionality to filter tasks
    - Tasks are saved in local storage for persistence
    - Responsive design for different screen sizes
    - https://to-do-list-demo-link.vercel.app/

## Project Structure

The repository is organized with each project in its own directory:

```
Mini Projects/
├── project1/
├── project2/
└── ...
```

## Technologies Used

-   HTML5
-   CSS3
-   JavaScript

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/satisoff/webDev-mini-projects.git
```

2. Navigate to any project folder
3. Open the `index.html` file in your browser
